fix: Update user guide based on changes to UI (#2534)
atlasmap/atlasmap: docs/src/main/asciidoc/user-guide/topics/importing-java-archive-files-into-atlasmap.adoc

}
----

To import these files:

. Compile the Java files and assemble the results into a Java archive file.
For example, invoke the following commands to create the `Bicycle.jar` file:
+
----
javac -cp io.paul:. -d . GeoLocation.java Bicycle.java
jar cvf ../Bicycle.jar *
----

> . In the main tool bar, click the *AtlasMap* menu and *Import a catalog (.adm)*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the main toolbar, click the *AtlasMap* menu and select *Import a catalog (.adm)*.
```
